CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

## Reporting Bugs or suggesting features

Ensure the bug or feature has not been reported before searching by [searching](https://github.com/fernandopasik/react-children-utilities/issues) first. If no similar issue is found please submit a [new](https://github.com/fernandopasik/react-children-utilities/issues/new/choose) one.

## Submitting changes

1. Fork the project
2. Create a new branch
3. Commit your proposed changes
4. Consider adding test cases for any new functionality
5. Submit a pull request
6. Please add a clear description of the problem and solution
7. Include any related issue number
8. Please ensure the PR passes the automated checks
   - [Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/fernandopasik/react-children-utilities)
   - [Codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/fernandopasik/react-children-utilities)

## Styleguides

- Git commit messages are checked with [commitlint](https://github.com/marionebl/commitlint) and follow the [conventional commits rules](https://github.com/marionebl/commitlint/tree/master/@commitlint/config-conventional#rules).
- JavaScript styles are checked with [eslint](https://eslint.org/) and follow the [Airbnb JavaScript Style Guide](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript).

Commit message:

docs: add prettier to guidelines

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

## Reporting Bugs or suggesting features

Ensure the bug or feature has not been reported before searching by [searching](https://github.com/fernandopasik/react-children-utilities/issues) first. If no similar issue is found please submit a [new](https://github.com/fernandopasik/react-children-utilities/issues/new/choose) one.

## Submitting changes

1. Fork the project
2. Create a new branch
3. Commit your proposed changes
4. Consider adding test cases for any new functionality
5. Submit a pull request
6. Please add a clear description of the problem and solution
7. Include any related issue number
8. Please ensure the PR passes the automated checks
   - [Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/fernandopasik/react-children-utilities)
   - [Codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/fernandopasik/react-children-utilities)

## Styleguides

- [Prettier](https://prettier.io) will catch most styling issues that may exist in your code. You can check the status of your code styling by simply running `yarn prettier`.
- Git commit messages are checked with [commitlint](https://github.com/marionebl/commitlint) and follow the [conventional commits rules](https://github.com/marionebl/commitlint/tree/master/@commitlint/config-conventional#rules).
- JavaScript styles are checked with [eslint](https://eslint.org/) and follow the [Airbnb JavaScript Style Guide](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript).
